Clarify parts of the developer's guide to Percy (#26080)
metabase/metabase: docs/developers-guide/visual-tests.md

## How to run visual tests on CI

Percy tests are intended to be run on CI since every run is attached to a pull request. Cypress tests will submit page snapshots to the Percy servers only when the Cypress run command is prefixed with `percy exec --` and a valid `PERCY_TOKEN` environment variable is set. Percy charges by the screenshot, so we do not do this by default.

Instead, to reduce cost, we only trigger visual tests by manually adding the `visual` label to a pull request. If you plan to perform a lot of commits while the PR is a work-in-progress and you don't need to run tests on each commit, then just temporarily remove the label until you're ready since Percy will run every time you push a new commit to a PR with a `visual` label. Preventing unnecessary Percy runs saves money.

Alternatively, you can trigger visual tests manually by posting a PR comment with a `@metabase-bot run visual tests` command.

> If there is no `visual` label, the tests will run to ensure that the underlying Cypress tests are valid, but we will not submit screenshots to the Percy servers.

Author: @nemanjaglumac is this true? Or do we not run them at all?

Reviewer: To the best of my knowledge, that is true. We do run "visual" tests on every commit, but we don't record them.

I'm confused by the term "visual label". What did you mean by that?

Reviewer: I added @alxnddr as a reviewer because he created these workflows and he can correct me if I'm wrong. How I understand the mechanism from reading the code is:
`@metabase-bot run visual tests` and `visual` label are two separate things.

If you submit `@metabase-bot run visual tests` comment and if the Percy token is present as a repo secret, those runs WILL be recorder. @alxnddr is that correct?

Reviewer 2: Yep, two separate things. `@metabase-bot run visual tests` is an older manual approach. `visual` label is a newer one but it can produce occasional excessive percy runs

> Percy tests are intended to be run on CI since every run is attached to a pull request. Cypress tests will submit page snapshots to the Percy servers only when the Cypress run command is prefixed with `percy exec --` and a valid `PERCY_TOKEN` environment variable is set. Percy charges by the screenshot, so we do not do this by default.
> 
> Instead, to reduce cost, we only trigger visual tests by manually adding the `visual` label to a pull request. If you plan to perform a lot of commits while the PR is a work-in-progress and you don't need to run tests on each commit, then just temporarily remove the label until you're ready since Percy will run every time you push a new commit to a PR with a `visual` label. Preventing unnecessary Percy runs saves money.
> 
> Alternatively, you can trigger visual tests manually by posting a PR comment with a `@metabase-bot run visual tests` command.
> 
> If there is no `visual` label, the tests will run to ensure that the underlying Cypress tests are valid, but we will not submit screenshots to the Percy servers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When your PR is ready for review, you can run visual tests (handled by Percy) in one of two ways:

- Add a `visual` label to the pull request.
- Comment on the pull request with `@metabase-bot run visual tests`

**Only run these visual tests when your pull request is ready for review**. Percy charges by the screenshot, so running the visual tests on every commit gets expensive.

By default, Cypress tests will run to ensure that the underlying tests are valid, but Cypress won't submit screenshots to the Percy servers. When the PR is labeled or commented to run the visual tests, the Cypress run command is prefixed by `percy exec --` and a valid `PERCY_TOKEN` environment variable, and Cypress will submit the screenshots to the Percy servers.
```
Took a pass at this to see if I understand how this works. This edit clarifies how to get the visual tests to run,  emphasizes when to run viz tests to save money, and explains how adding a label changes the default behavior.

To recap:

**1. Add `visual` label to your pull request**

**2. If there are some visual changes, it shows a failed Percy check in the PR**

> ![Screenshot from the "Checks" section of a pull request showing that the Percy check has failed.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14301985/126795943-50ebbe5e-ed36-48fe-ab69-642555a1bc1d.png)

Author: I don't actually know what the style guide is re. alt text
